yo what is up you guys right now we're at mcdonalds, and it is currently 3 in the morning and we just found out when you come to mcdonalds at 3 in the morning, you can order the among us happy meal you guys, that's right, you heard, me, the among us happy meal, and there's a toy inside of among us- you can either be a crewmate, or it can be an impostor and if you guys do not know what among us is, you must be living under a rock you guys, this game is insane, ok? so you can play with a bunch of friends ok? like 8, i- i- i think it's up to 10 people you can play with, and there's impostors, and there's crewmates, and pretty much the impostor is trying to sabotage the whole game and trying to win. it's insane you guys, once again, this- this video is not sponsored at all, but this game is insane. so we got so excited guys we love the game and we found that the mcdonalds is offering an among us happy meal, AND there's a toy inside, but supposedly, when you get this happy meal you guys, something scary and weird with the impostor. now i don't really believe it, but these videos i've been seeing on youtube have been insane, so that's why we're here right now, we're gonna go through the drive through, and we're gonna order the among us happy meal. But i need EVERYONE to like this video if you're excited, ok? like this video with your knuckles right now, just smash, hit the like button, SUPER HARD you guys, on the count of 3 seconds i wanna see what you guys can do cuz i can't do it, and if cole can't do it, no one could like this video with their knuckles so let's see if you guys can do it in 3 seconds. 3, 2, 1. OH HO! they can do it! (oh my god!) you guys, if you could do it comment down below, and also leave a comment down below if you ever played among us, or if you know anything about impostors, or crewmates, or among us, alone. and we'll shout you out on the next video, so thank you guys so much for leaving AWESOME comments all the single time, it's amazing. yeahhhh, alright you guys, moment of truth, i don't see anyone in the line though, yeah i haven't seen anything about it! this is mcdonalds, how may i help you today? hi um, can i get the, uh, among us happy meal with a cheese burger and no pickle? and can i get um- uh- do you have orange hi-c or no? no, we have an orange poptart, apples or extra ketchup oh, french fries? anything else, sir? that's it ok please come to the second window alright. gasp no way they actually have it no way!!!!! no freaking way!!! they actually have it dude no way! no way! alright i'm putting my mask on guys, turn off the light? ok, ok yeah ok hey how are you? ok here you go man oooohhh ok cool. laughs hysterically THE TOY!! They actually had it dude! Dude no way! no way! ok im gonna put my mask up. hey how He wanna says something? oh, thank you! OHH MY GOD GUYS WE ACTUALLY GOT IT in the most ear piercing voice possible The among us happy meal you guys. Dude this is so cool. Ok you guys taks off mask we're gonna head back home and open this up so we can see what inside of it cut to house with woman who looks like shes 100% a dead body holding the meal Ok guys we're home and im like ready to feast on this thing and i also really wanna know what insideare you. OOOH , ok cool, laughs hysterically I dont like how its not decroative though. whats he doing? Hes putting the key that no one knows cause you can only get it at 3 in the morning, OOOH it has to be secret menu item. It has to be secret menu. oh my god. ohohoho my god. i really though he was gonna say no like they dont have it i thought it didnt exist He wanna says something? oh, thank you! OHH MY GOD GUYS WE ACTUALLY GOT IT in the most ear piercing voice possible The among us happy meal you guys. Dude this is so cool. Ok you guys taks off mask we're gonna head back home and open this up so we can see what inside of it cut to house with woman who looks like shes 100% a dead body holding the meal Ok guys we're home and im like ready to feast on this thing and i also really wanna know what inside Yeah you guys this is going to be IN SANE imagine getting the among us happy meal from mcdonalds? Cause i know they had a travis scott meal and a impossible to hear the amONGUs happy meal? I think thats so much cooler though. this is gonna be so insane and you can only get this item at 3 am and its a super unique item guys so im SUUUPER glad they did not sell out when we got there but nichole, this is gonna be creepy you know what amongus is its creepy man It gets like very demonic, It does sometimes, very weird im kind of freaking out and im wondering what kind of toy it is but lets stop talking and just get right into it, everyone LIKE this video right now, if we can get 30000 likes it will show you are excited i want to see if you guys are excited right now so like the video. alright you ready? im ready. ok lets open this up. ok Ready? lets see whats inside it ok 3 2 1. EWWWW. What what?. WHAT THE HECK? What? Dude i cant do that im not gonna eat that. what?? im not gonna eat that. what? LOOK AT IT, LOOK AT THIS. What, the, heck is that. thats so gross its disgusting you know what? grab the camera. I know its 3AM but come on thats disgusting you cant give that to people If you're giving this to kids they're gonna get sick from this. Wheres all the fries? depression when no fries Theres like no food, EWWWW look at this, i think its a blood. WHAT??!?! Wait are you serious. . . THIS IS THE AMONGUS TOY? Pulls out mousetrap What the heck? What is this? And theres more blood over it too, look at this! Oh its a mousetrap! (note this is a full grown ass man doing this) is it supposed to be a trap form amongus? YEAH! Like in likeliek amongus you can get trap and rooms they have the electronical room (this is supposed to relate to among us) But why would they put that in a kids meal? thats literally dangerous. Does it actually work? if this (touches mouse trap and it fucking mutilates him) OOOOO Theres saliva coming out of his mouth owwwww. OH MY GOD DID IT BREAK YOUR FINGER??/ nononono im ok i thought it was gonna be like a fake toy or something. pain Now we know for sure its real though, owwww. i dont know what else is in there please be careful. You guys like the video right now if you wanna see what else is in here this is nasty. pulls out cheeseburger with no blood on it theres more blood on this It looks so dry though hamburger becomes bloody EWWSWWWWWS what is that. What the fff- i need monetisation sorry for my language but what the f is this??? reveals crewmate body in burger WHAT IS THAT? Are we gonna call a meeting or something like that? this is weird, this actually feels like its real life, look at th, look at the burger passionately sniffs burger ewww that is nasty man ewwww door knocks did somebody just knock? YOU GUYS somebody just knocked on the door right now its 3:20 in the morning now though theres no way someone can knock on the door walks slowly over to door and opens it but looks in peephole first Its blocked Somebodys covering their hand on it look you cant see, back up back up back up SHHH! get a little closer just in case you guys wish us luck in the comments right now please pray for us 1 2 3 red crewmate is taped to peephole both of them have an asthma attack oh my god oh my god. whats going on? You guys look at this. Is this the among us toy that was supposed to come with the among us happy meal??? Or do you think they deliver it maybe, maybe they like forgot to put it in the box but wer didnt tell them our address? you guys look at this, IS THIS THE IMPOSTOR? Looks like it. But anyone can be the impostor you guys look at this they left an amoNGUS toy a- or what if hes real? what if hes evil? I mean its 3 AM its literally demon hour. WE DIDNT CHECK THE DRINK YOU GUYS Be careful. Because theres something wrong with everything in this meal. WHY IS IT YELLOW? it smells sour like funky (instantly drinks it and spits it out) OMG WHAT IS IT? Its pee. WHAT Its pee (im not adding anything in this is what happens in that video) and i have pee in my mouth now (how does he know the taste instantly) dude you are gonna get sick omg i told you not to drink that. Guys that is not normal man like the amongus came to our door an- another asthma attack as it dissapears Where did it go? Oh my goood i literally just put it right there, wait did he fall let me check where is he? checks under desk is there anything there? i dont, i dont hits head of of desk OW oh my god are you ok are yo- door shuts oh my god, what is going on. door knocks again They are knocking again heads towards door guys please pray for us in the comments right now like the video red crewmate is back on the door again dude what is going on what is going on dude, guys now we got this thing fricking evil It has to be possessed. theres no way i literally put him right there but if theres two of them i i dont know. So mcdonalds is not delivering this this is real life its evil, you guys the video is becoming way too long i agree its 17 mins of this shit we're gonna have to end it right here thank fuck and we're gonna find out what should we do with this should we cut him open? what should we do comment down below should we go back to mcdonalds i need you guys advice right now cause this is not normal once again like the video guys if this was insane and if you guys are not subscribed subscribe Also follow our instagram we will probably put this on our story or we will put it on next video, make sure to go follow our instagram at im not advertising you bucko if you guys do follow the first 500 followers we will follow you back so make sure to go follow our instagram right now we are gonna have to go put this in a box or something this is not right, so we'll see you guys in the next video man this is creepy dude
